(ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(HIP HOP MUSIC BLARING)
Duckett! Answer your phone.
My messages are delivering,
so I know
you're fuckin' seeing 'em.
Yo. Seen Duckett?
Yeah, he's inside.
He's fucking off his head.
BOY: Bro, he's definitely
on something, eh?
(PARTYGOERS CHEERING
AND HOLLERING)
Hey, is Duckett up there?
BOY 2: Who the fuck is Duckett?
(HIP HOP MUSIC CONTINUES)
Oi! Any of you seen Duckett?
GIRL: No, I haven't!
Oi. Oi, seen Duckett?
(TEENS MUTTER NONCHALANTLY)
Cole! Get your brother
under control.
- Where is he?
- He's in Jayden's room. Go.
(THUMPING ON DOOR)
Dude, what's your
brother's deal?
Duckett!
Open the door, man!
I'm not screwing around.
Mate, I'm this close
to calling the cops.
Duckett, open the door
or I'll break it down.
- (BOY SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY)
- What?!
Dude, what the hell?! You're
gonna break my mum's door!
Nah, fuck this!
Cole's breaking my fuckin'...
COLE: Duckett.
DUCKETT: Can you see them?
They're in here.
COLE: I'm gonna take you home.
OK, bro?
DUCKETT: Pop said you're gonna
hurt a lot of people.
COLE: Pop's dead, Duckett.
You're not him.
What are you talking about?
BOY 3: Bro, look at Duckett.
He's fucked!
Are you serious?
Put your phones down!
Put your fuckin' phones away!
BOY 4: Hey, hey, bro...
Everyone fuck off!
- (MUSIC STOPS)
- (PARTYGOERS GASP AND SCREAM)
BOY 5: It's a knife!
(PARTYGOERS CLAMOUR)
(PARTYGOERS SCREAM)
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC)
(INDISTINCT PLAYFUL CHATTER
PLAYING THROUGH EARPHONES)
GIRL: (ON RECORDING)
What are you doing?
(CHATTER CONTINUES)
GIRL: (ON RECORDING)
Get off me. Get off! (LAUGHS)
- Mum!
- (RECORDING STOPS PLAYING)
MAN: Sorry.
No, I am.
I just needed a moment.
MAN: Your aunty
wants to talk to you.
Yeah, OK.
AUNTY: I've still got
her name in Contacts.
I should take her out,
but I just can't do it.
Yeah, me neither.
You thought about
what you're gonna do
when you finish school?
Mmm...
Work with your dad? (CHUCKLES)
(CHUCKLES)
(TAP RUNS)
(SNEEZES, SNIFFLES)
DAD: You getting a cold, Mi?
(TAP STOPS)
What?
DAD: You getting a cold?
Uh, yeah, I think so.
(TAP RUNS)
DAD: How was today for you?
- What?
- (TAP STOPS)
DAD: How was today for you?
MIA: Fine.
(PHONE RINGS AND VIBRATES)
Hey.
BOY: (ON PHONE) Hey, Mia.
- Can you come pick me up?
- Oh, OK, now?
- Where'd you go?
- I was on the phone.
My sister was meant
to be picking me up.
My fat mum's
meant to pick me up.
She's probably off
eating dick somewhere.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Is that Alex?
Yeah, his Snapchats
are so cringe.
He looks like my mum
in half of 'em.
- He looks elvish.
- What's elvish?
You know,
like the fantasy elves.
Shut up.
I swear he stole
one of my cigarettes.
You smoke now?
Nah, I just sell 'em. I sold,
like, two to him today.
He's such a tryhard.
He invited me
to his house to hang.
I thought you hated him.
Eh.
Do you reckon they give you
cancer straightaway?
I don't know. Don't smoke it?
Don't tell me what to do.
Here you go.
Nah.
I hate the smell.
You're a fuckin' foetus.
I need a new best mate.
(CAR APPROACHING)
Put it out, quick.
Riley!
You little feral. Cigarettes?
We weren't actually
smoking them.
He's lying, Mia.
- He's had half a packet.
- Need a lift anywhere?
Nah, Mum's getting here soon.
Thanks, though.
Alright. Call Riley
if she doesn't rock up.
Alright, thanks.
MIA: Have fun with your cancer.
- See ya, Mia. See ya, foetus!
- (CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)
('CHANDELIER' BY SIA
PLAYS ON STEREO)
BOTH: (SINGING ALONG TO SIA)
♪ I'm gonna swing
♪ From the chandelier-ier-ier
♪ I'm
♪ Gonna live
♪ Like tomorrow doesn't exist
♪ Like it doesn't... ♪
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- (BOTH STOP SINGING)
SIA: ♪ I'm
♪ Gonna fly like a... ♪
(SWITCHES OFF STEREO)
Um... stay in the car, OK?
(ANIMAL GRUNTS)
(ANIMAL GROANS)
Oh, shit.
MIA: You poor thing.
RILEY: What do we do?
(KANGAROO GROANS)
Do we call a vet?
That's not gonna help, Riley.
I mean, look at it.
RILEY: We can't just
leave it like that.
(KANGAROO GROANS)
RILEY: Can you at least
put it out of its misery?
(KANGAROO BELLOWS)
OK.
(CAR DOORS CLOSE)
- (TYRES SQUEAL)
- (ENGINE REVS)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(KANGAROO GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING CONTINUES)
RILEY: Mia, no,
we can't leave it like this.
Another car will come.
Mia, it's crying.
(UNEASY MUSIC)
(MELLOW MUSIC
PLAYING THROUGH EARPHONES)
- (THUMP!)
- Oh! Hey!
Ow. Love it when
you rock up uninvited.
MIA: Love it when you forget
to pick up Riley.
Ow!
I'm sorry. I had you on mute.
Ah, cool story.
I'm telling Mum.
No, you're not!
RILEY: Yes, I am!
Thanks for picking him up, Mi.
All good. Come on, Cookie.
Oh, God, you stink!
Oh, you're a smelly girl!
(TYPES ON PHONE)
Saw a dying kangaroo.
What?
On the side of the road.
It was in so much pain.
Why didn't you call the RSPCA?
I dunno.
It was almost dead.
I wanted to put it
out of its misery.
(CONTINUES TYPING ON PHONE)
Thanks for ignoring my calls,
by the way.
I haven't been ignoring
your calls. I've been busy.
Uh, yeah, busy ignoring me.
('CRAZY FROG' RINGTONE PLAYS)
- No, Jade, don't. Don't!
- What?
Don't answer it!
I let a kangaroo suffer.
- Daniel...
- I need consoling!
DANIEL: (ON PHONE) Is that Mia?
- I'll call you back, yeah?
- OK, sure.
OK, bye.
Bye! Bye, Daniel! Bye!
Oh! Alright. I'm consoling you.
- Have you seen the group chat?
- The one I invited you to?
MIA: Hayley's video.
They're doing it again tonight.
- No, Mia.
- To see if it's real!
No, not tonight, Mia. I can't.
(TEENS SHOUT AND HOLLER
ON RECORDING)
(SWITCHES PHONE OFF)
It was Mum's two years.
That was today?
Yeah.
I just want to forget about it.
And...
...I need Daniel to come give
my gucci some attention.
- (JADE GROANS)
- (MIA LAUGHS)
Oh! Daniel's not touching
your gucci, Mia!
He was my boyfriend
before he was yours.
You guys held hands
once three years ago.
- That doesn't mean anything.
- Jade.
It's my mum's remembrance day.
Please?
Daniel can come, too, yeah?
If he's touching my gucci, yes.
- Stop!
- (BOTH LAUGH)
('CRAZY FROG' RINGTONE PLAYS)
Can you give me five minutes?
What am I gonna do
for five minutes?
Oh, I don't know.
Wash Cookie or something!
I don't wanna wash Cookie!
Oh, fine! I will babysit
Riley - the better sibling.
Do not talk about your gucci
with Riley, please.
He has got to learn!
The boy's got to learn!
- Bye.
- Miss you already. Bye.
- Love you.
- (JADE CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS)
(RILEY WHISPERS TO HIMSELF)
(DOOR OPENS)
"Can I help?"
"Yes, Riley,
thank you for asking."
Need a hand?
I'm sorry I couldn't get to
your mum's thing.
I couldn't get off work.
No, it's fine.
How's your dad?
Oh, hey...
You can be honest.
I hate being around him.
He's so depressing.
I'm a bad person, Sue.
Can you fix me?
You're not broken, Mia.
- (SNEEZES)
- Whoa. OK.
Ugh, God, I'm dying.
It's just a cold.
You'll kick it.
Thank you.
Riley, get your shit
off the table.
Did you hear me?
Yes, Mum, I'm coming.
SUE: OK.
Mum? You going to bed?
- You sneaking out?
- Why do you always think
I'm sneaking out
or I'm sleeping around?
You only ask if I'm going to
bed when you're sneaking out.
Is it to see Daniel?
You know, even if it was,
he's ultra Christian.
- He doesn't do anything ever.
- He's still got a dick, Jade.
Is it him
you're sneaking out to see?
I'm not sneaking out!
OK.
(MUTTERS) God. Night.
Lock the door on your way out.
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
- Are we sneaking out now?
- Shh!
- SUE: Bye, Mia.
- Oh, God!
I didn't tell on you.
What? I didn't do anything.
What are you doing?
Mia said I could come.
How could I say no to him?
- You're not coming.
- Alright, then, I'll tell Mum.
Yeah, well, she pretty much
already knows.
What, about you
not picking me up?
(SIGHS) Whatever.
- Yo, check this out.
- (COMMOTION ON RECORDING)
- I swear it's fake.
- Mm, I don't know.
JADE:
It's 1,000 per cent a trick.
MIA: How would Hayley
fake that? Why would they?
Why would they?
They're an attention whore.
They're trying to get everyone
to talk about them
and you've fallen for it.
MIA: Sorry for ruining
your phone date.
JADE: Apology not accepted.
You'll be pregnant
next month, I swear.
JADE: Pregnant?
He hasn't even kissed me yet.
What? You guys have been going
out for, like, three months.
- What is that?
- Even I've kissed Jazzie.
The girl with the horse mouth?
You shouldn't be kissing
horses, Riley.
ONEFOUR & THE KID LAROI:
♪ My City
♪ They won't say
that shit to me
♪ I'm in that town
My brothers is with me... ♪
Only an hour late. Great.
JADE: Been waiting
for Mum to sleep.
Oh, and we are babysitting too, apparently.
(SONG CONTINUES)
Fuck me.
♪ Drop through the hood
in Lamborghini cars
♪ I might just give 100
to my dawgs
♪ Thank you for holding it down
♪ I'm sorry if you felt
like there was love lost
♪ They blaming Onefour
for all of the drillings
♪ They blaming us
for what happens in Sydney
for what happens in Melbourne
♪ They blaming us for what
happens in Brissy... ♪
Yo. What's up?
Just chillin'.
Cool.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
AND LAUGHTER)
(HIP HOP MUSIC BLARING)
Sick house, Joss.
Yeah.
Oh... Nah, it'll pick up soon,
I'm sure...
BOY: How you doin', man?
(TEENS LAUGHING)
(HIP HOP MUSIC CONTINUES)
Boop!
You all good?
Yeah, just...
...being weird.
You're not being weird.
You just need to loosen up.
Brrr!
Yeah, just do that.
It looks incredibly normal.
BOTH: Brrr!
Do that. Brrr!
- Hey, Mia, brrrr! (LAUGHS)
- Fuck, I love you.
- Jade! Oh!
- Daniel!
Finally.
Um, hi, ex-boyfriend!
(ALL MOAN CHEERILY)
DANIEL: Group hug.
- Hold me, ex-boyfriend.
I am lonely.
I am so, so lonely!
You right there, woman?
I'm sorry for dragging you out.
Nah. I wasn't doing anything.
I actually wanted to get
out of the house for a bit.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Wanna come grab a drink?
I don't wanna do it. (LAUGHS)
- They want you to do it.
- I don't wanna do it.
(JADE GROANS)
How you been?
Dude, why'd you
have to bring her?
DANIEL: How you going, man?
- Good. You?
- Yeah, good, thanks.
First, uh, big boys' party, huh?
RILEY: I don't really
know anyone.
You'll know everyone
by the end of the night.
Oh, good.
- She's fine.
- No, she's not fine.
She irritates
the fuck out of me.
She's literally done nothing
to you.
She's so clingy, man.
It's fucking depressing.
Oh! Now she's flirting
with your boy.
They're friends, Hayley.
You keep telling yourself that.
Alright, let's do this!
(TEENS CHEER AND WHOOP)
JADE: Yeah,
let's fake another video.
(TEENS HOOT)
BOY: I've been waiting
for this shit!
Be pretty sick
to hook the kid up.
He's not doing anything, Joss.
Come on, Jade.
Imagine it, though.
Joss, I said no.
JOSS: Huh. More for me.
Thanks, bro.
JOSS: I guess, uh,
I'll go first and...
HAYLEY: Nah,
you always go first.
JOSS: It's my house.
HAYLEY: It's my fuckin' hand.
JOSS: Duckett gave it to me.
HAYLEY: You're a fucking hog!
Does anyone else
want to volunteer?
I'll do it.
You wanna do it?
MIA: Mm-hm.
- Wanna do it?
- Yeah.
- Do you wanna do it?!
- (TEENS CHEER AND WHOOP)
(TEENS HOOT AND HOLLER)
Sit down, Mia.
GIRL: Better her than me.
- Tie her.
JOSS: Yes, sir. Hands up.
Mmm, kinky.
What are we playing?
It's nothing, Riley.
Hayley's tricked everyone.
HAYLEY: Alright,
somebody time it.
As soon as she lets it in,
it cannot go
for more than 90 seconds.
Am I clear?
What happens after 90 seconds?
They'll want to stay.
(SINISTER MUSIC)
And if you die
while they're in you,
well, they'll have you forever.
(BOTH LAUGH)
MIA: So lame.
Hey, I'm just relaying
what I've been told, OK?
Oh! Fuck, dude!
Trust me... it's gotta be tight.
Candles?
Light the candle
to open the door.
Blow it out to close it.
OK, Mia.
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
Ah...
Put your hand on it.
(PHONE PINGS)
No, like, hold it.
Now say,
"Talk to me."
Talk to me.
- (OMINOUS MUSICAL STING)
- (GASPS)
(TEENS LAUGH)
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, what the fuck?!
(LAUGHTER CONTINUES)
Who the fuck was that?
Who was that?!
I dunno, man. It's
different every time. (LAUGHS)
- Hey, you signed up.
- Where'd he go?
Mia, stop.
No, you didn't do it right.
You gotta say, "I let you in."
No, I'm flipping out.
JADE: Seriously, Mia, shut up.
No, someone was sitting there,
I swear to fuck.
OK, I'm proving it.
HAYLEY: Attagirl, prove it!
Prove it. That's right, say it.
(SINISTER MUSIC)
TEENS: (CHANT) Do it. Do it.
Do it. Do it. Do it.
(LAUGHS AND SQUEALS)
TEENS: Do it! Do it!
Do it! Do it! Do it!
(TEENS CHANT AND SHOUT)
- OK! OK. OK.
- (CHANTING, SHOUTING STOPS)
(EXHALES HEAVILY)
Talk to me.
(WHIMPERS)
HAYLEY: Hey, don't let go, Mia.
- Do not let go.
- I can't look at it!
You don't have to look at it!
Just say it.
- I can't!
- Say it!
(DISTORTED BREATHING)
HAYLEY: I let you in.
I let you in.
(DISSONANT SOUNDSCAPE)
JOSS: Someone timing it?
HAYLEY: Got it.
There you are.
Shh. Shh-shh-shh-shh.
(TEENS LAUGH)
(MIA GROANS)
(MIA LAUGHS)
(LAUGHS MANIACALLY)
(GULPS)
- (GASPS)
- (WATER SPLASHES)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
(GRAVELLY MONOTONE)
There he is.
(BREATHES RASPINGLY)
(GRAVELLY MONOTONE)
They like you.
(TEENS SNICKER)
What?
(BARKS SHARPLY)
Oh, shit! Not you, though.
(TEENS LAUGH)
(GASPS, GULPS)
(MOANS)
- (INHALES)
- (WATER SPLASHES)
(STRAINED BREATHING)
BOY: Whoa.
(DOOR CREAKS)
(DOOR SLAMS SHUT)
(TEENS SCREAM AND CLAMOUR)
(CLAMOURING CONTINUES)
(CLAMOURING SUBSIDES)
GIRL: Yeah, Mia!
(GRAVELLY MONOTONE)
He's behind you now.
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
He'll split ya, pretty boy.
He'll split ya!
83 seconds.
Joss, get it off her.
He'll split ya!
- Alright, you've had enough.
- He'll split ya.
He'll split ya. He'll split ya.
(JOSS STRAINS)
- (THUD!)
- (JOSS GRUNTS)
(MANIACALLY) Run. Run.
Run. Run. Run.
Run. Run.
Run! Run! Run! Run! Run! Run!
- Run! Run! Run! Run! Run!
- 90 seconds, for fuck sake!
Run! Run! Run! Run!
RUN! RUN! RUN! RUN! RUN!
- (SCREAMS)
- (TEENS SHOUT)
Hey. Hey. You OK?
We went a bit over.
Hey.
(GASPING)
(PANTS HEAVILY)
That was...
...amazing!
(TEENS CHEER AND WHOOP)
That was the best one yet!
(TEENS CHEER AND SCREAM)
(LAUGHS)
(TEENS HOOT)
- (THUNDER RUMBLING)
- (RAIN PATTERING)
(THUNDER, RAIN CONTINUE)
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(WHISPERS) Jade.
Jade, are you up?
You're not sleeping in here.
RILEY: I didn't even ask that.
Isn't that what you want?
No. I'm just bored.
Look, Riley, you're not nine
anymore, alright?
(COOKIE PANTING)
Goodnight.
JADE: Can you shut the door?
Shut the door!
- Sook!
- (DOOR SLAMS SHUT)
What a bitch.
Can I hang with you?
It's your house, bro.
Did the hand thing scare you?
A bit.
You gonna have nightmares,
Riley?
I don't get nightmares.
I do.
Like what?
I have this
reoccurring nightmare...
...where...
...I'm looking in the mirror
and my reflection is gone.
Like I don't exist.
What did the hand feel like?
Mmm...
It felt amazing.
I felt like I was glowing.
I could hear and see
and feel everything.
But I was
in the passenger seat.
It felt incredible.
Mm.
How did your mum die?
You know.
Only bits.
She...
...took too many sleeping pills.
By accident.
Dad was sleeping on the couch.
In the morning,
he couldn't open the door.
RILEY: Mm.
Why?
Mum was on the other side.
And there were scratches
on the door
and wood under her nails.
She tried to get help,
but she couldn't.
Jade said
you got depression after.
I was just feeling alone.
No, you can't ever be alone
'cause you'll always have
me and Jade.
Yeah.
It's OK,
I don't feel alone anymore.
(THUNDER, RAIN CONTINUE)
MAN: Wait. Oh, my God...
- Is it being constipated?
- Are you fuckin'...?
He's won a million pounds!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
ON VIDEO)
(LAUGHTER AND EXCITED SHOUTING
(VIDEO STOPS PLAYING)
(RAIN PATTERING GENTLY)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(STUDENTS CHATTERING)
(INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT
OVER P.A.)
- You busy tonight?
- You want a turn, eh?
No. Daniel does.
What's in it for me?
My company.
That's pretty cool, I reckon.
No, we can't go to Joss's. His
place is trashed. He's pissed.
My house, then.
I got a party later.
I've gotta be gone by 11.
Mum, leaves at 9, so...
HAYLEY: See ya at 10.
Jog on.
(BOTH SQUEAL EXCITEDLY)
Yeah?
MIA: Yes!
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Hi. Is Jade home?
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
- Why is Daniel at the door?
- Mum, can you let him in?
You'd better not be having
a party, Jade, I swear to God.
It's two friends.
Can you let him in?
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
What time's
everyone getting here?
- Getting here for what?
- The party.
- Is there a party tonight?
- Don't bullshit me.
I'm... I'm sorry...
Have you got alcohol
in your car?
Oh, no. I don't drink, so...
You're good.
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
What time's the party again?
What party?
SUE: The party.
Jade told me. It's OK.
What time?
I honestly don't know
what you're talking about.
The party tonight.
What time is it?
There's no party, Mum.
You are not drinking tonight.
On God,
I will punch you in the face.
Are you drunk?
James.
If there's a party,
I'm definitely drinking at it.
Is that Cookie or you, James?
Will you crack a window?
Jesus, Mum. Knock much?
Mia, if there is
a party tonight,
you are banned from this house,
effective immediately.
OK...
So, you're just third-wheeling
for the night, are you?
It's really humiliating
when you put it that way.
You'd better not be getting
stoned again, Mia.
Oh, my God! Why does your mum
have to know everything?
SUE: I know everything.
- I tried weed one time.
You.
My daughter's vagina -
prohibited.
Oh, my God, Mum! Leave the
room before I kill everyone.
The neighbours
tell me everything.
JADE: Oh, my God...
- Watch it!
JADE: Shut the door. Mum!
SUE: I'm leaving it open!
I'm so sorry.
Ooh. That's embarrassing.
SADISTIK: ♪ I saw your face
displayed upon a crescent moon
♪ That wavers up and down
depending how the petals bloom
♪ Doomed always destitute
Fused through infected roots
♪ Searching for a message
♪ But there's nowhere left
to exit to... ♪
Riley!
RILEY: Mia!
- Mm! You keen?
I said don't smoke in my house.
Mm!
(SONG CONTINUES)
Hmm... Nice place.
That's an ugly fuckin' dog.
Excuse me.
- I'm thirsty.
- (BOTTLES CLINK)
So, where'd you get it from, anyway?
JOSS: I'll tell you what it is, right?
It's the hand of a psychic. Got
cut off and embalmed. Legit.
A medium, Joss. Not a psychic.
Yeah, this isn't
an embalmed hand.
Yes, it is, Danny boy. The
ceramic shit is put over it.
But if you smash it, there's
an actual hand in there.
- You're full of shit.
- I'm serious.
Apparently it was
the hand of someone
who could connect
with the dead,
so everyone around him thought,
let's cut his hand off.
White people shit, man,
I tell ya.
Oi, I heard it was
the hand of a Satanist.
The other hand's
just out there somewhere.
Out where?
Shut up, alright?
- Fuckin' make me!
- You just talk shit. (LAUGHS)
Alright.
Where'd you buy it?
JOSS: Oh, nah, I didn't buy it.
A friend gave it to a friend
and... yeah.
- Who?
- What do you want, Daniel?
A fuckin' spreadsheet with
a transaction history or what?
Hold the hand,
say "Talk to me"
and ask the spirit your
fuckin' questions, alright?
This is such bullshit.
Oi, Riley, get the lights.
DANIEL: Film me?
- (LIGHT SWITCH FLICKS)
JADE: Yep.
- Oi, time it.
(CLEARS THROAT) OK, champ.
You know the drill.
- Say it.
- (PHONE PINGS)
Talk to me.
Whoa!
(LAUGHING) Oh, what?!
- (TEENS CHUCKLE)
- No way!
- Mate, I don't have all day.
- No. No...
JAMES: What is it?
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
OK. OK.
OK.
(EXHALES) OK, come on.
OK, come on.
I let you in.
(GASPS)
(CHOKES)
(CHAIR RATTLES)
Hayley, he's choking.
Hold it.
(CHOKES)
Hayley, fucking stop it,
he's choking!
Hold it.
(CHOKES)
(SIGHS)
There we go. (LAUGHS)
(GIGGLES)
(TEENS CHUCKLE)
(GENTLE CREAKING)
(SINISTER MUSIC)
(CROAKILY) He hates it
when you touch him.
You make him soft.
(WHISPERS)
Yo, this spirit's a cunt.
(DANIEL MOANS)
(MOANS)
(MOANS HEAVILY)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(HEAVY BREATHING CONTINUES)
(HEAVY BREATHING INTENSIFIES)
(LAUGHING) Oh, fuck!
Oh, shit.
(GIGGLES)
(TEENS GASP)
(MOANS)
BOTH: Ohhh!
(TEENS EXCLAIM
AND GROAN IN DISGUST)
MIA: Oh, no! I can't watch!
(GROANS AND LAUGHS)
(SCREAMS IN DISGUST)
- (TEENS LAUGH)
- (DANIEL SPLUTTERS)
HAYLEY: Oh, fuck!
JADE: You OK?
Untie me.
(COUGHS) Untie me, come on.
You alright?
Delete it.
(BOTH LAUGH)
DANIEL: Delete it, come on!
Yeah, nuh!
Hayley, please. Hayley...
- (LAUGHS)
- Post that shit.
Daniel.
(DOOR SLAMS SHUT)
(LAUGHTER SUBSIDES)
Guys.
(HAYLEY CLEARS THROAT)
Oh, yeah, that was, uh...
That was pretty heavy, eh?
Yeah. You up for it?
(HAYLEY AND JOSS CHUCKLE)
Can I have a go?
HAYLEY: (LAUGHING) Sorry...
- After that?
Just get your thot dog out
and no cameras.
EDITH PIAF: ♪ La Foule
- (MIA LAUGHS)
- HAYLEY: Hey!
Aarghh!
Let's fucking go!
(SONG CONTINUES)
(GASPS)
(SHOUTS NONSENSICALLY)
(MIA AND RILEY LAUGH)
(GASPS)
TEENS: Mia! Mia!
(MUTTERS NONSENSICALLY)
(MIA SCREAMS, LAUGHS)
(MIA SCREAMS)
- (GASPS)
- (CRIES OUT)
Time's up, time's up!
(BARKS, LAUGHS)
♪ Et la joie éclaboussée
par son sourire
♪ Me transperce et rejaillit
au fond de moi
♪ Mais soudain je pousse
un cri parmi les rires
♪ Quand la foule vient
♪ L'arracher d'entre
mes bras... ♪
(BARKS)
TEENS: (CHANT)
Talk to me! Talk to me!
(ALL CHEER AND HOLLER)
(SNARLS)
(COOKIE WHIMPERS)
What the fuck?!
(SONG ENDS)
(JOSS PANTS)
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, fuck, yeah.
This shit never gets old.
Let's go!
I need a shot.
RILEY: Me too.
JADE: No way.
JAMES: Come on, Jade.
You're not my mum.
You're not even 18.
JADE: You're not even 15.
JAMES: So what?
RILEY: Jade, please.
- Riley, I said no.
Fuck sakes.
What if we did it
for, like, 60 seconds?
- Mia, stop.
- 60 seconds, Jade.
You don't have to be a bitch
about all things Riley.
Yeah, Jade. You're just so busy
trying to suck Daniel's dick,
you don't give a shit
about anybody else.
OK, no. Why do you want to do
it so much? To impress James?
To come into my room
crying that you're scared
like last time?
Did you tell
your little friend that?
I hate you.
Like you're my favourite person
in the world.
Can't help you, bro.
Your sister's fuckin' boring.
(HAYLEY CHUCKLES)
Oh, shit, ooh...
(DOOR OPENS)
- We should go.
- Yeah.
- (DOOR CLOSES)
- 60 seconds. Please.
I dunno,
maybe it's not a good idea.
I actually thought you were
gonna be on my side for once.
Hey... I'm on both
of your sides.
- Obviously not.
- Riley...
60 seconds. Please.
RILEY: Please.
OK.
What about 50?
OK. 50.
50 seconds?
- Yeah, just get it over with.
- Sign the form, baby!
- Let's go!
- Yeah, boy! (LAUGHS)
JOSS: OK, hold up, hold up.
Hands up.
HAYLEY: You alright, kiddo?
Yep.
OK. Let's do this.
JOSS: Riley... gettin' crazy!
You know what to say, boy.
You better not cry
after 20 seconds.
I'll time it.
Talk to me.
(UNDER BREATH) What the fuck?
Riley.
It's OK.
Just say it.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
I let you in.
(RILEY CHOKES)
Oh, shit.
(CHOKING CONTINUES)
(STOPS CHOKING)
I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
I'd never want to hurt you.
I miss you so...
...so much, Mi.
(TENSE MUSIC)
I don't want you to hate me.
Mum?
- Hey, that's 50 seconds.
- Please don't close it off.
HAYLEY: Mia...
- It's my mum. Please.
I love you both, baby.
I love you too, Mum.
I'm so proud of you.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC)
And I got...
...got... got... got...
(CHOKING).. got, got, got...
...got, got, got, got,
got, got, got, got...
(RILEY CHOKES, GURGLES)
(INHALES RASPINGLY)
Oh, my God.
(MIA GASPS)
- (HEAVY BANG)
- (MUSIC TURNS MENACING)
No! No, no, Riley!
- (RILEY SHRIEKS)
- (SCREAMING) Riley, stop!
Joss, fucking help me!
Get it off him, Joss!
(FRANTIC SCREAMING, COMMOTION)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(GASPS)
DANIEL: Oh, my God.
(MENACING MUSIC BUILDS)
Riley! Riley!
(JADE SCREAMS)
Fucking help me!
JOSS: Oi, help, help, help!
OK, I'm gonna untie him...
HAYLEY: Get him on his side...
JADE: Daniel,
call an ambulance!
TEEN: No, no, no,
no, no, no...!
(VOICES MUFFLE AND FADE)
(EERIE DISCORDANT MUSIC)
JOSS: James, James,
get the fuckin' bag! Hurry up!
(MUFFLED VOICES CONTINUE
DISTANTLY)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
JOSS: Where are you going?
HAYLEY: We gotta bounce.
JOSS: No, we can't bounce.
HAYLEY: We've gotta get
out of here.
The police are already suss
about the Duckett stabbing.
They're gonna pin this on us.
We let them both do the hand.
JOSS: We can't just pretend
we weren't here.
HAYLEY: We're fucked...
We're fucked if...
JOSS: We just gotta get
our story straight
and make sure everyone sticks
to it. Don't bring up the hand.
(EERIE DISCORDANT MUSIC
CONTINUES)
(FAINT SCRATCHING)
(TAP RUNS)
(DISTANTLY) Excuse me.
We need to talk now, please.
(LINE RINGING)
JADE: (ON PHONE)
Mum, Riley's in hospital.
SUE: (ON PHONE) What?
What happened?
JADE: He smashed
his face really bad.
SUE: What are you talking
about, "smashed his face"? How?
JADE: I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know,
I wasn't in the room!
SUE: (TERSELY) Stop crying
and tell me what happened.
Three or four minutes, maybe?
JADE: I'm sorry, Mum. (CRIES)
SUE: Jade!
Jade, frickin' answer me!
Can we talk about this?
Mia.
Dad, I just want
to go to sleep.
Can you tell me one thing?
We didn't give him anything.
What happened, then?
I dunno.
I wish you'd just
be honest with me.
Right, because you've been
so honest with me.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means there's something
you haven't told me about Mum.
Isn't there?
Right.
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY)
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Tell me he's OK.
No offence, I don't want
you here right now.
Wait, Jade. Come on.
Mia.
(FOREBODING MUSIC)
Sue, I...
Don't!
What are you doing here?
I just... I just came to see
how he was.
He's bad, Mia.
He's really fucking bad.
- Did you give him something?
- No.
Come on. I know you've done
shit before. What was it?
Nothing, I swear.
Look at his face.
What did my son ever do to you?
I...I didn't hurt him.
Go home. Now.
No, please, can I just see him?
You come back here,
I'm gonna call the police.
MIA: Sue...
- Jade.
- Just go home.
No, Jade, I'm so sorry...
(DOOR CLOSES)
(INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT
OVER P.A.)
(MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
(SINISTER MUSIC)
(SINISTER MUSIC BUILDS)
(DOOR CREAKS)
(DOOR BANGS)
(FAINT SCRATCHING)
(LIGHT FLICKERS)
Mum?
(FAINT SCRATCHING)
Mum, is that you?
FEMALE VOICE: Help me!
- Mum?
Mum?
(STRAINS)
Mum!
FEMALE VOICE: Mia!
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
Mia.
- (SOBS)
- What's wrong?
Are you OK?
(SOBS)
(RAIN PATTERING)
Was your dad pissed?
Yeah.
I'm 18, so the police
didn't call mine.
They can't know.
Where do they think you are?
Cousin's.
I can't go home.
They'll know something's up.
You can stay at mine.
Just 'cause of me and Jade.
It might be...
...weird.
Yeah, but...
...we're just friends.
It's not like it's illegal
or anything.
I just...
I don't want to be alone.
DANIEL: OK.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
MIA: I can't believe
I spoke to her.
(SIGHS) I don't think
that was your mum, Mia.
No, it was at first.
She used to call me 'Mi'
all the time.
I mean, how would the spirits
know that?
I feel like they read
what we think. You know?
I mean...
...they were in us.
They could know
everything about us.
Or maybe...
...Mum was there because
she was trying to reach out.
We could check.
(EXHALES)
I'm never doing it again, Mia.
Sorry.
(SIGHS)
(CHUCKLES)
Forgot about that. (CHUCKLES)
- I was such a loser.
- You were cute.
Remember when we held hands?
Yeah.
I could feel your heart beating
through your fingertips.
You paid me out 'cause your
hands were bigger than mine.
- And they probably still are.
- (SCOFFS) No way.
(CHUCKLES)
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
It is.
You have the tiniest hands.
Yeah, I...
I didn't do puberty right.
(SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE)
(SIREN STOPS)
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
(THUNDER RUMBLING GENTLY)
(MUSIC BECOMES UNSETTLING)
(PLAYFUL CHATTER ON RECORDING)
(LAUGHTER ON RECORDING)
(PLAYFUL CHATTER
ON RECORDING CONTINUES)
MIA: (ON RECORDING)
No, wait, Jade...
(PLAYFUL CHATTER AND LAUGHTER
ON RECORDING CONTINUE)
(PLAYFUL SCREAMING
ON RECORDING)
(RECORDING STOPS PLAYING)
Mum.
What's your message
to the haters?
Suck my arse! Mm-hm!
MIA: Mum!
Get off me. Get off!
(LAUGHS)
Who's the cutest?
BOTH: Me. Me.
- Me.
- Who's the hottest?
Who's the best?
BOTH: Me!
Who's the funniest?
BOTH: Me.
(BOTH LAUGH)
MIA: You suck!
BOTH: You suck!
- Fuck the haters!
- (SWITCHES OFF PHONE)
(GENTLE ETHEREAL MUSIC)
(ETHEREAL MUSIC FADES)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(DISTORTED SOUNDSCAPE)
(DISTANT BANGING ON DOOR)
(BANGING ON DOOR CONTINUES)
- (FAINT DISTRESSED SHOUTING)
- (BANGING INTENSIFIES)
(LOUD BANGING ON DOOR)
(DISTRESSED SHOUTING
GROWS LOUDER)
(BANGING CONTINUES)
(SHOUTING CONTINUES)
(FORCEFUL BANGING)
(DISTANTLY) Please...
No. No, Rhea...
Rhea...
(VOICE CONTINUES FAINTLY)
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
(FAINT SCRATCHING)
(SCRATCHING INTENSIFIES)
- (SCRATCHING STOPS)
- (GASPS)
(PANTS HEAVILY)
(WOMAN HUMMING FAINTLY)
(HUMMING CONTINUES)
(WOMAN BREATHES RAGGEDLY)
(EERIE MUSIC BUILDS)
(MIA YELPS)
(WOMAN MOANS)
Daniel?
Daniel! Daniel, wake up!
(SCREAMING) Daniel, wake up!
Daniel!
Wake up!
Oh, what the...?! Mia!
- Stop!
- (MIA GASPS)
(STAMMERING) Where is she?
Oh, my God, oh, my God!
Oh, my God, they followed us.
Whoever we contacted,
they followed us.
- What are you talking about?
- She was sucking your foot!
- You had my foot in your mouth!
- What? No, I didn't.
- I'm gonna go.
- Wait, Daniel...
- Mia, stop!
- No, don't leave me!
- No, I'm going.
- (WHIMPERS) Stay with me.
(SOBS RAGGEDLY)
(BREATHES WHEEZILY)
(GROANS)
(SOBS, SCREAMS)
(SCREAMS HYSTERICALLY)
Mum?
(SOBS)
Mum.
(FOREBODING MUSIC)
Please, please, Mum.
Talk to me.
Mum.
Did you...
Did you kill yourself?
No.
Not on purpose, Mi.
Is that the truth?
I'd never want to leave you.
Ever.
I'm here.
Always.
(WATER BUBBLING FAINTLY)
(VOICE DEEPENS) Mia.
Riley needs help.
(WATER BUBBLING FAINTLY)
(FAINT BUBBLING CONTINUES)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Oh, your father. Unbelievable.
Can you stay with him, Jade?
Riley.
Riley, please say something.
Riley?
Riley.
- (RILEY GRUNTS)
- (JADE SHRIEKS)
(CRIES OUT)
(PANTS RAPIDLY)
Mum! Mum!
No, Riley, stop! Riley, stop!
(HEAVY THUDDING)
Stop! Stop!
(LAUGHS)
(LAUGHS MANIACALLY)
JADE: Stop!
Stop!
(EERIE MUSIC)
SUE: Riley!
Oh, shit!
(RILEY GRUNTS)
SUE: Stop! Nurse!
Please stop him!
SUE: Riley, fucking stop now!
Fucking stop him! Do something!
(DISSONANT MUSIC
MUFFLES CONVERSATION)
It was you who took it. You
could've said something, Mia.
Who showed
the police the video?
DANIEL: Think it was James.
HAYLEY: Least it proves
we didn't touch him.
Police said there's not
a lot they can do.
DANIEL: Has it ever
lasted this long?
JOSS: No.
But we've never been over
90 seconds before Mia, so...
(NORMAL VOLUME) How is he?
Every time he comes to,
he tries to kill himself.
JOSS: They wanna keep him.
JADE: What?
The guy who gave Duckett
the hand said
that if you die while they're
in you, they have you forever.
Have any of you guys...
still been seeing stuff?
What the fuck you mean,
"seeing stuff"?
I saw my mum at the hospital.
And another one
attacked Daniel at my house.
HAYLEY: Did you see something?
DANIEL: Uh... not exactly.
JOSS: What's that
supposed to mean, Daniel?
I woke up and Mia was...
...I dunno...
...sucking my feet.
The fuck?
Jade.
What do you mean,
"woke up with Mia"?
"sucking your feet"?
MIA: It wasn't me.
- I couldn't go home.
JOSS: None of us
have been seeing shit.
We all did it.
We were all there.
Why would you see your mum?
You didn't even let her in.
HAYLEY: Wait, didn't Duckett
say they could imitate people?
Wait, who's Duckett?
I got the hand off him.
He, uh...
I met him twice
at some parties and...
...yeah, we did the hand shit,
I asked if I could borrow it
and he said I could keep it.
He said he was seeing them
without it.
HAYLEY: And then
he went full skitz.
Stabbed his brother,
then killed himself.
The brother.
Can we talk to him?
JOSS: What's up, bruz?
What are you doing here?
We gotta talk about Duckett.
Yeah.
Do you know what
the shit thing is?
He actually thought
he had friends.
You guys always
inviting him to shit,
acting like you cared.
- But you were using him.
- We weren't using him, Cole.
A real friend would've seen
it was fucking him up.
- But you didn't.
- (BUS IDLES)
JOSS: Look, bruz, I know
it's a shit time for you,
but we need your help.
Nah, man, I'm out.
Cole.
(BUS DOOR CLOSES)
I know how much it hurts
to lose someone that close.
COLE: The people he let in
messed up his head.
If he'd stopped doing
that fucking thing,
they would've left.
JADE: My little brother's
in hospital. He went way over.
COLE: You let a kid do it?
His body should kick 'em out.
They get weaker
the longer they're in.
It hasn't.
COLE: Give it time.
They're killing him.
Maybe it's time
you stop fucking up
people's lives, Joss.
What do you reckon?
Jade!
Jade, just wait! Jade!
You shouldn't have
let him do it, Mia!
We all decided it'd be OK.
HAYLEY: We didn't
decide anything.
We did. We all said...
We didn't say shit, Mia.
That was you.
You let it go
for two fucking minutes.
You sleep with my boyfriend.
What the fuck's wrong with you?
- Jade, it wasn't like that.
- Of course you take her side.
Jesus...
I wish that you didn't force
yourself into my family, Mia.
(TEARFULLY) Um...
Did we blow the candle out?
JOSS: I don't remember.
What if we opened the door
but we didn't shut it?
What are you saying?
We do it again with Riley but
blow out the candle this time.
You want him to do it again?
The thing that put him
in hospital?
- You wanna save him?
- Don't fucking ask me that.
We have to do something, Jade!
(TENSE MUSIC)
I'll give it back after, OK?
Just burn the fuckin' thing.
Hey, good luck.
(PHONE RINGS AND VIBRATES)
(RINGING, VIBRATING STOP)
Mum's back in, like, an hour.
We'll be quick.
(RESPIRATOR PULSING STEADILY)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC)
Oh, my God.
(VELCRO SNAPS)
MIA: Come on, Riley.
Come on, please.
Talk to him.
(RILEY BREATHES STEADILY)
OK, yeah, blow it out.
DANIEL: Anything?
I don't know. Um...
Maybe if we just try it again.
JADE: Mia...
- Just try it again.
(MATCH STRIKING)
MIA: Talk to him.
DANIEL: It's not working.
MIA: OK. Um...
What if I use the hand
to speak to him?
JADE: No.
- What? He's not dead, Mi.
But what if his spirit is
disconnected from his body?
I thought these spirits
were in limbo.
- Maybe that's where Riley is.
- Might not be him.
- What if it is?
- What if it isn't?
DANIEL: This is a bad idea, Mia.
JADE: Mia.
Mia, don't.
Riley, talk to me.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
MIA: Hi.
JADE: Is it him?
MIA: Is there a boy here?
Him.
Do you know where he is?
Please.
I can take you to him.
OK.
I let you in.
(GASPS)
(GUTTURAL SCREAMING
AND CLAMOURING)
(SCREAMING) Help!
(SCREAMING AND CLAMOURING
INTENSIFY)
(SCREAMING AND CLAMOURING STOP)
(GROANS)
- (MIA SOBS)
- Hey. Hey, hey, hey. You OK?
No! Don't touch me!
Don't touch me!
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey.
- It's just us.
- (SOBS)
JADE: It's just me and Daniel.
What happened?
MIA: (SOBBING) I saw him.
They're hurting him, Jade.
They're not gonna stop.
They're never gonna stop.
(MIA SCREAMS)
(MIA SCREAMS IN ANGUISH)
(MIA MUTTERS)
(DISTORTED SCREAM ECHOING)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
DAD: Mia.
I haven't been
completely honest with you.
But I want to be.
Your mother...
...before she passed,
she left us something.
Something I've been
scared to show you.
Which is wrong of me.
Because it's... it's just
as much as yours as it is mine.
Can I read it to you?
"Dear Max and Mia.
"It's Tuesday today
"and it's raining.
"It's the first time
in a long time
"I haven't felt hopeless.
"In fact...
"..I am full of hope.
"I hope you live
beyond your years
"and find absolute happiness.
"I hope you... I hope you
don't hate me for this."
(VOICE CATCHES)
"I hope you find it
in your heart to forgive me.
"I hope you can find some peace
in knowing
"I am no longer in pain."
(SOBBING)
I'm sorry, Mi.
- It's hers, Mia.
- No.
(GRUNTS IN DISAGREEMENT)
MAX: It's OK.
No, she didn't do it.
She didn't do it,
because she told me, Dad.
because she told me.
(MIA SNIFFLES)
(SOBBING) She told me.
She told me.
- Mia.
- (SOBS)
Mia. Come here.
Sweetheart.
- (MIA SNIFFLES)
- She's gone.
I'm sorry I kept it from you.
(MIA SNIFFLES)
I didn't want you
blaming yourself.
(FAINT GRINDING)
RHEA: It's not true.
I'll be back.
What?
- I'll be back, I promise.
- Mi...
I promise. I just gotta... I'll
be back, Dad. I'll be back.
RHEA: Mi.
He's lying.
Then why did you write it?
RHEA: I didn't.
Sweetheart.
That's not your dad.
What?
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
MAX'S VOICE: Mia?
(BANGING ON DOOR)
RHEA: That's not Max.
MAX'S VOICE: Mia?
RHEA: They're imitating him.
(BANGING ON DOOR)
He's going to hurt you.
MAX'S VOICE:
Mia, open the door!
(BANGING ON DOOR INTENSIFIES)
(BANGING CONTINUES)
RHEA: Riley can't stay there.
MAX'S VOICE: Mia?
- He's suffering, Mi.
(WHIMPERING)
What... what do I do?
(BANGING CONTINUES)
He needs to die.
What?
MAX'S VOICE: Mia?
RHEA: You have to put him
out of his misery.
No, Mum, I-I-I can't. I can't.
They're never gonna let him go.
- (SHOUTING, BANGING CONTINUE)
- No, Mum, please, no...
I'll look after him, Mi.
MAX'S VOICE: (SHOUTING)
Open the damn door!
RHEA: Help him, Mia.
MAX'S VOICE: Let me in!
- (RILEY GASPING)
RHEA: Help him, Mia!
- (BANGING INTENSIFIES)
Just leave me alone!
(GASPING)
(PANTS WEAKLY)
(MIA YELPS)
(MIA STRAINS)
(CHOKES)
(MIA GASPS FOR AIR)
MAX: Mia!
- Mia!
- Help me!
MAX: I'm trying!
(THUMPING ON DOOR)
- (THUMPING CONTINUES)
- (MAX GRUNTS)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
Mia!
(MIA GRUNTS)
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
(SCISSORS CLATTER)
- Oh, my God.
- (THUDDING)
(QUIET SPLUTTERING)
(SOMBRE MUSIC CONTINUES)
('CRAZY FROG' RINGTONE PLAYS)
(PHONE BLIPS)
JADE: (ON PHONE) Hey.
Jade?
JADE: You OK?
I know what to do.
We can save him.
(JADE EXHALES)
You know, I actually think
he's getting better.
He woke up for a second.
It's like he was himself again.
I've seen him, Jade.
He's in pain.
And every second
is agony for him.
(UNEASY MUSIC)
Just come to mine.
And I'll show you.
Show me what?
MIA: You just have to
be here, Jade.
Please.
- Just trust me.
- (SIGHS) Oh, shit.
OK. I'll be there in 10.
(PHONE BLIPS)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(MENACING MUSIC)
Mia.
(GASPS)
I'm... I'm sorry.
No, it's OK. Sit.
I was wondering
when I'd see you again.
You haven't come.
You told me not to.
I know. I was mad.
You had every right to be.
Still do.
No, I don't.
There were no drugs, Mia.
(SUE EXHALES)
He had a breakdown. I just...
I just... couldn't face that.
I'm so sorry that I blamed you.
I know that you wouldn't
do anything to hurt him.
I love you guys.
You're not Riley's friend,
Mia - you're his family.
It'd mean so much to him
that you were here.
Can I have a minute with him?
Alone.
SUE: Of course.
(DOOR OPENS)
(HONKS HORN)
(PHONE BLIPS)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(VIBRATING CONTINUES)
I'm so sorry.
(LINE RINGING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC BUILDS)
(LIQUID TRICKLING)
(GASPS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
(MIA WHIMPERS)
- (BED RATTLES)
- (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
GUTTURAL VOICE: Found me.
JADE: Mia!
I am ending this!
GUTTURAL VOICE:
You... can't take him.
He's ours.
(SOFT CACKLING)
MIA: Where is he?!
You saw.
(SHRIEKS)
(SOBS)
GUTTURAL VOICE:
Why don't you...
...touch me?
I want to feel you.
(GRUNTING)
(KANGAROO GROANS)
(ECHOING SCREAMS)
(KANGAROO GRUNTS)
(ECHOING SCREAMS CONTINUE)
Max?
SUE: Jade. Where are you?
JADE: (ON PHONE)
At Mia's. She's not here.
- Max needs an ambulance.
- What... No, Mia's here.
What's wrong? What's happened?
JADE: She's there?
- Yeah, she's with Riley.
JADE: Mum, she's dangerous!
Mia?
Riley!
(URGENT MUSIC)
Hey! Where's my son?
He was in this room.
He should be here.
He was just here.
Well, where the fuck is he?!
(TYRES SCREECH)
(OMINOUS MUSIC BUILDS)
Mia!
Mia! Riley.
JADE: Mia!
Mia!
(TRAFFIC ROARS)
- (TRAFFIC ROARS)
- (HORNS BLARE)
JADE: Riley!
Mia, stop!
Mia!
(GENTLE ETHEREAL MUSIC)
(WHISPERS) I'm so proud of you.
(CACKLES WEAKLY)
Take him, my darling girl.
You're doing the right thing.
Show him the way.
I can protect him.
We'll have him forever.
Riley!
RADIO: ♪ I've seen
the look in her eyes... ♪
(TYRES SCREECH)
(HEAVY THUD)
(TYRES SQUEAL)
MAN: Oh...
(DISSONANT EERIE MUSIC)
(DISTORTED SOUNDSCAPE)
MAN: Did you see what happened?
(MUFFLED, FRANTIC CHATTER)
(DISTORTED SOUNDSCAPE
CONTINUES)
Riley?
(SUE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
I'm gonna be so far behind.
Don't worry about it.
- (CONVERSATION FADES)
- (DISTORTION INTENSIFIES)
Dad?
Dad!
Wait, Dad!
(LOUD CLANG)
Jade? Sue?
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
- Dad?
- (LOUD CLANG)
Dad!
- Dad, wait!
- (CLANGING CONTINUES)
Oh, Dad!
Dad, wait!
(DISTORTION SWELLS, FADES)
(SCREAMING) Don't leave me!
Please!
(MIA SOBS)
(MATCH STRIKING)
(EERIE DRONING MUSIC)
(EERIE DRONING MUSIC
INTENSIFIES)
- (MUSIC STOPS ABRUPTLY)
- (GASPS)
(MAN BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SPEAKS IN GREEK)
I let you in.
SADISTIK: ♪ I saw God
in a body bag
♪ I got lost in the stars when
they'd cross like a polygraph
♪ Never lie
Cardiac in every line
♪ Insomniac forever
Never go to sleep again
♪ Black lungs
from the falling ash
♪ Giraffe tongue
with a heart to match
♪ Get sawed in half
like the Dahlia
♪ Place pain on display
in Hollywood
♪ Paint it all like Dali would
Face Of War
♪ Fountain pens melting
countenances in a drawing book
♪ A psycho full of cyclones
Eyes closed
♪ I go cold when I fly low
Brains feed on haikus
♪ Isolated in my temples Cairo
♪ Bones jut from their homes
like they're silos
♪ I'm Silent Hill
Tell me where the time went
♪ Kill Pyramids that followed
with the knife gripped
♪ Vice-grips always on the mind
when the crisis hits
♪ Everywhere
it's like a mine I step
♪ I'm an atom bomb
made of atoms
♪ Add 'em up
Adam's apple's rotten
♪ Smashed to apple sauce Adamant
♪ No Adam Eve in anatomy
♪ Only albatrosses
if I have to speak
♪ Another casualty
of the casted wings
♪ Casually
I'm high again
♪ Vibrant as a hyacinth idling
♪ So I pretend
that my defence is working
♪ Lurking with the burdens that
still hide below the surface
♪ I know these things
have meaning
♪ Sometimes I don't know
the purpose, introverted
♪ Dizzy from
the disconcerted tizzies
♪ Mr Perfect isn't worth it
Give me what I didn't earn
♪ Put it in an urn
Live and learn
♪ I could never
tell the difference
♪ When I'm miniature
Red alerts
♪ Read aloud like ministers
♪ It's hard to breathe when
you're drowning in the goodbyes
♪ But I'm still here now
so tell me what that look like?
♪ They use a sword to signify
that you're a good Knight
♪ Then use the same one
to kill you and say goodnight
♪ Goodnight, goodnight,
goodnight, goodnight... ♪
(ATMOSPHERIC MUSIC OUTRO)
(SONG FADES OUT)
(EERIE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(MUSIC FADES OUT)
Captions produced by
Access Media Pty Ltd